add req caps to the main README.md file (#1147)
netdata/go.d.plugin: README.md

Go.d.plugin is shipped with Netdata.

### Required Linux capabilities

All capabilities are set automatically during Netdata installation using

> the [official installation method](https://learn.netdata.cloud/docs/getting-started/install-netdata#get-started). No

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the [official installation method](https://github.com/netdata/netdata/blob/master/packaging/installer/README.md#install-on-linux-with-one-line-installer). No
```
